Hey everyone...
Welcome back to Movie Recap.
Today I'm gonna show you a movie called,
Traffik.
It is a 2018 American thriller film directed and written
by Deon Taylor and starring Paula Patton.
The movie is about a romantic getaway turns intoa nightmare
for a couple after a group of bikers begin to harass them.
Let's start...!
The film opens with a young woman dancingin a nightclub.
She is approached by a man and agrees to leave with him.
She is laterabducted and stowed away in a trailer.
In the next scene, we are introduced to Brea.
She is a journalist for the Sacramento Post.
She is upset to find that a rival journalist is
covering a major scandal story
that she had been trying to get published.
Brea confronts her bossCarl, who says her story is just a fluff piece.
Later that evening, Brea goes out for abirthday dinner with her boyfriend John
and their friends Darren and Malia.
Darrenruins a whole surprise that John had planned
for Brea in which he was set to take her on aromantic
getaway in the California mountains.
The ladies then go to the bathroom whereBrea thinks
that John might propose, but she says she is just not ready for that.
John surprises Brea with a car he built
inhis shop as they head off on their vacation.
They stop at a gas station
where Brea enters thebathroom and meets a scared-looking woman named Cara.
She tells Brea "Sure feels a lot like theFourth of July",
before a brutish biker guy comes in ordering Cara to hurry up.
Outside the station,
another biker is bugging John about his car
and asks racist questions like if he's a ballplayer
or if he worked in the prison auto shop.
John tells the guy he doesn't want trouble,
leading the biker to spit on his car,
and John responds by punching him in the face.
The bikerpulls out a knife as his buddies surround John,
but Sheriff Marnes intervenes and keeps thebikers away.
John and Brea leave the station.
On the road, one of the bikersstarts to follow John and Brea.
John speeds up and stops to cause the biker
to swerve off the road and roll down a hill.
Back at the station, the bikers'leader, Red,
chastises his goons for drawing attention to themselves
andfailing to get their hands on Brea.
The couple arrive at their vacation house
and spend the afternoon together in the pool.
Their evening is disrupted when Darrenand Malia make an unannounced visit,
despite Darren making Malia believe
thatJohn was cool with it.
The couples hang out until Darren gets a phone call letting him know
that an athlete he represents just got jailed.
He does coke to relieve himself.
They thenhear a ringing sound coming from Brea's bag.
She finds a satellite phone in her bag
and sherealizes that Cara slipped it into her bag.
Thinking about her 'Fourth of July' comment,
Brea figures that it's a pass-code.
It works and they unlock the phone.
They find hundredsof pictures of battered women posing for ads,
making the couples realize that this is part of atrafficking ring.
Brea decides to call the police,
but Darren stops her by bringing up the fact
that John and Malia hooked up long
before they knew either Brea or Darren.
Malia is pissed atDarren's behavior and she leaves him for good.
Moments later, there is a knock at the door.
Breaanswers to find Cara there asking for her phone back.
Brea offers to help, even as Cara angrilydemands the phone back.
She runs away as John, Brea, and Darren attempt to follow,
only to seeRed and the bikers turn on their headlights.
Cara runs to Red and says she didn't get the phoneback,
and he shoots her in the head.
The three run back into the house where Darren demands
that they give up the phone.
He even takes out a gun to make Brea give it to him.
He goes outside to hand thephone back,
until he sees Malia's bag and realizes the bikers have her.
He tries to make a deal withRed to give the phone back in exchange for Malia,
but Red knows that the phone has been opened
and they have been compromised.
Darren tries to pull the gun on them,
but the bikers stab himrepeatedly before Red shoots him in the head.
John and Brea escape the house through thegarage
as they are pursued by the bikers.
The couple runs into the woods
where theracist biker from earlier tries to corner them.
He attacks John with a knife,
but Breawhacks him with a large branch
before John gets the knife and stabs him,
and Breafinishes him with a whack to the face.
The couple run to a cabin where an old manlives.
He lets them inside to use the phone,
and Brea asks to use the computer so that she cansend a message to Carl,
along with the pictures of the trafficked women.
Unfortunately,
anotherbiker arrives and shoots the old man
to death before attacking the couple.
The computer isdestroyed before Brea's message can go through.
The biker fights John
and shoots him inthe side before Brea stabs him in the back.
John manages to take the gun from the biker
andshoot him in the head, but his wound is fatal.
He tells Brea he got the biker's car keys
andreaffirms his love for her before dying.
Brea then finds an engagement ring that John was planningto propose with,
and she wears it for him.
Brea goes outside to try and start the car,
but Red and the last biker find her.
Before they can take her,
Marnes arrives with adeputy after John called them.
However,
Marnes turns out to be part of the traffickingscheme,
which she proves by shooting and killing the deputy.
She berates Red and the biker formanhandling the girls
since they are products,
as well as not deleting the evidence on thephone.
They sedate Brea and take her away.
Brea wakes up in a hidden location with the othertrafficked women,
including Malia.
Brea confirms to her that John and Darren are dead.
Red and hisgoon enter.
He tells Brea he is keeping her all to himself.
Brea responds by sticking a nail in hisneck
before she starts bludgeoning him to death.
The biker attacks Brea, but Maliaoverdoses him with his sedative.
Brea promises she will come back forMalia before going to get help.
Brea walks out of the woods and finds herselfnear another gas station.
She walks there in view of the other patrons who see how badlybeaten she looks.
She enters the store and asks the clerk to call the police.
Brea swipes aphone from the counter and calls Carl for help.
After dark, Marnes arrives for Brea.
She ordersher outside to arrest her.
Brea asks Marnes if she takes any pride in trafficking women for profit.
Marnes responds that everything is trafficked,
and she is just part of the system.
Marnes cuffsBrea and takes her outside,
only for a whole squad of cops to show up.
Marnes is arrested,and the cops rescue the trafficked women.
In the final scene back in Sacramento,
Brea returns to work where Carl tells her
that the trafficking ring bust will be big newseverywhere,
but that the people involved will most likely go after Brea.
She simply replies,"Let them come" before walking out.
Thanks for watching...
Seeyou in another Movie Recap.
Please LIKE and SUBSCRIBE,
and click the bellicon to get new video updates...
Have a nice day...!